This module confirmed what I already knew that LLMs are statistical models predicting the next word in a sentence and do not necessarily know the material. They also have emergent properties that developers did not explicitly try to program into the model. There was not really anything that surprised me about LLMs technically. The homework is so vague it was nearly impossible to determine what the author was intending for an answer so I spent more time trying to determine how to answer a question rather than reading material in depth. The homework itself was on material that is effectively AI 101. Having been working with AI, researching AI, investing in AI, and starting a business related to AI over the past 3 years I can't honestly say that anything surprised me. I have also been incorporating AI into every facet of my work that I can possibly think of during the day while usually spending at least 1-2 hours per night learning about frontier models and what I might be able to do with them the next day at work. On the subject of what I have done with AI over the past 3 years in my professional life I've used it to start literature reviews and do in depth reading on materials for potential research directions we are considering, lab analyses we might be doing, etc. I've also used AI to draft grant applications, stakeholder reports, data analysis, data organization, e-mail drafting (to a much lesser extent). I've also made software with it to be deployed for the purpose of checking citations used by AI/humans when writing papers, grant applications, etc. This software will check to make sure any peer-reviewed papers cited actually exist in the real world and will further flag any citations that are used but do not appear to correlate with the material they are citing. In the future I hope to be able to use AI to draft full manuscripts and believe the technology is there or on the cusp of being there.